1405907809
Application	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Book	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/models/book.rb	class Book 
BookTest	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/test/models/book_test.rb	class BookTest 
BooksController	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	class BooksController 
BooksControllerTest	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/test/controllers/books_controller_test.rb	class BooksControllerTest 
BooksHelper	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/helpers/books_helper.rb	module BooksHelper
BooksHelperTest	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/test/helpers/books_helper_test.rb	class BooksHelperTest 
Bookshelf	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/config/application.rb	module Bookshelf
CreateBooks	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/db/migrate/20140719220344_create_books.rb	class CreateBooks 
TestCase	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
book_params	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	    def book_params
change	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/db/migrate/20140719220344_create_books.rb	  def change
create	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def edit
index	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def index
new	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def new
set_book	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	    def set_book
show	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def show
update	E:/ruby/row/quiz/Bookshelf/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def update
